Update maintenance-notifications.md (#111811)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-machines/maintenance-notifications.md

Planned maintenance that requires a reboot is scheduled in waves. Each wave has different scope (regions).

> - A wave starts with a notification to customers. Virtual Machine related Maintenance notifications are available under [Service Health](https://aka.ms/azureservicehealth) in Azure Portal. For some specific Virtual Machine Planned Maintenance scenarios, Azure may also communicate the schedule by sending an additional email to the Subscription Classic Admin, Co-Admin and Subscription Owners group. [Azure Service Health](https://azure.microsoft.com/get-started/azure-portal/service-health/#overview) enables users to configure their own custom alerts for Planned Maintenance category. With Azure Service Health alerts you can add more recipients and messaging options like email, SMS, and webhooks, using [Activity Log Alerts](../service-health/alerts-activity-log-service-notifications-portal.md).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A wave starts with a notification to customers. Virtual Machine related Maintenance notifications are available under [Service Health](https://aka.ms/azureservicehealth) in the Azure portal. For some specific Virtual Machine Planned Maintenance scenarios, Azure may also communicate the schedule by sending an additional email to the Subscription Classic Admin, Co-Admin, and Subscription Owners group. [Azure Service Health](https://azure.microsoft.com/get-started/azure-portal/service-health/#overview) enables users to configure their own custom alerts for the Planned Maintenance category. With Azure Service Health alerts, you can add more recipients and messaging options like email, SMS, and webhooks using [Activity Log Alerts](../service-health/alerts-activity-log-service-notifications-portal.md).  
```

**Q: How do I get notified about planned maintenance?**

> **A:** A planned maintenance wave starts by setting a schedule to one or more Azure regions. Virtual Machine related Maintenance notifications are available under [Service Health](https://aka.ms/azureservicehealth) in Azure Portal. For some specific Virtual Machine Planned Maintenance scenarios, Azure may also communicate the schedule by sending an additional email (one email per subscription with all recipients added) to the Subscription Classic Admin, Co-Admin and Subscription Owners group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A:** A planned maintenance wave starts by setting a schedule to one or more Azure regions. Virtual Machine related Maintenance notifications are available under [Service Health](https://aka.ms/azureservicehealth) in the Azure portal. For some specific Virtual Machine Planned Maintenance scenarios, Azure may also communicate the schedule by sending an additional email (one email per subscription with all recipients added) to the Subscription Classic Admin, Co-Admin, and Subscription Owners group.
```

> [Azure Service Health](https://azure.microsoft.com/get-started/azure-portal/service-health/#overview) enables users to configure their own custom alerts for Planned Maintenance category. With Azure Service Health alerts you can add more recipients and messaging options like email, SMS, and webhooks, using [Activity Log Alerts](../service-health/alerts-activity-log-service-notifications-portal.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Azure Service Health](https://azure.microsoft.com/get-started/azure-portal/service-health/#overview) enables users to configure their own custom alerts for the Planned Maintenance category. With Azure Service Health alerts you can add more recipients and messaging options like email, SMS, and webhooks using [Activity Log Alerts](../service-health/alerts-activity-log-service-notifications-portal.md).
```

> In case you deploy a virtual machine to a region where planned maintenance is already scheduled, you will not receive the notification but rather need to check the maintenance state of the VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you deploy a virtual machine to a region where planned maintenance is already scheduled, you won't receive the notification but rather need to check the maintenance state of the VM.
```
